# Jupyter Security Bi-weekly Meeting

## December 7, 2021

### Attendees

Please add yourself here:

| Name          | affiliation                 | username         |
| ------------- | --------------------------- | -----------------|
| Rick Wagner | UCSD | @rpwagner    |
| Rollin Thomas | NERSC | @rcthomas |
| Sylvain Corlay | QuantStack | @SylvainCorlay |

### Agenda + Minutes

* Meeting Expectations:
    * For discussion of general Jupyter + security topics
    * **NOT** for reporting or discussing specific vulnerabilities
    * Appropriate place for reporting vulnerabilities:
        * security@ipython.org
* Attendee Introductions
* Dec 3 Governance meeting recap and discussion
    * Rick attended
    * Software steering council
        * Need to define for the subproject
            * How we handle decision-making
            * Also critical for defining policies
            * Vote, process, to decide who goes onto SSC from sec
        * Survey document went out to current SSC
            * Current steering council bootstraps decision-making bodies
            * One for each subproject
            * Decision making strategy done by January
            * Some examples like jupyter-server's process
            * Want to create a record of decisions
    * JEP for vulnerability handling
        * Wanted it for communication
        * Normative: This is what should be followed, hold people to it
        * Response
            * **Have a JEP formalizing responsibilties + authority of sec subproject**
            * => security subproject is responsible for handling processes around
                * e.g. vulnerability handling
                * credentials
                * etc
            * Defines a charter
                * roles of groups, individuals, etc
                * scope: what this covers (specific repos, etc)
            * Can reference a primary list of policies
            * Once that charter is in place, then work on policies
                * JEPs are more heavyweight
            * Base on the [Trusted CI MISSP Template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jCw5q410xPu8BPsOezAIaczizdZ95bs4UEk1xvlMMOQ/edit)
            * [Trusted CI Framework](https://zenodo.org/record/4562447/files/The%20Trusted%20CI%20Framework%20Implementation%20Guide%20v1.0.pdf?download=1)
    * Who handles credentials and emails etc
        * Define via subproject framework documentation


### Potential or Future Topics

* Core infrastructure badge project
* Suggested by Matthias:
    * Recognition of people who have submitted actual CVE
    * Supply chain attack and credential management as part of the org
    * Raise Security specific funds that could be hold in a numfocus Security Specific Fund accounts

